BUILDING.md, before:

# Building

## Linux Terminal

```bash
mkdir build
cmake -S . -B build
cmake --build build
```

You can then execute the binary with `./build/EverythingNMN`.

If you need Language Server Protocol support for autocomplete (It needs to have support for `compile_commands.json`),
you can use the following.

```
cmake -S . -B build -DCMAKE_EXPORT_COMPILE_COMMANDS=ON
ln -s /path/to/myproject/build/compile_commands.json /path/to/myproject/
```

Using the `-DCMAKE_EXPORT_COMPILE_COMMANDS` creates a `compile_commands.json` file. The second command creates a symlink
to the root of the project, as your IDE or setup probably requires it to be in the root. Otherwise, you can setup your
IDE/setup to use the file from the build directory.

## Windows (Visual Studio)

You can select `File -> Open -> Local Folder` and open the folder containing `CMakeLists.txt` (the root of this repository).
You can see [Microsoft's docomentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/cpp/build/cmake-projects-in-visual-studio) 
on the matter for more details on using Visual Studio with CMake.

Click the fourth button from the left on the properties panel (Switch between solutions and available views),
select the "CMake Targets View" and hit Enter.Wait for a while, and after it parses it, you will have the project.
After it parses, it will bring you back to Project View and you can see the "EveryhingNMM" project and you can 
right click the executable and hit Build/Debug. 

You will need to copy the DLLs from the `out/build/<BUILD_TYPE>/_deps/sfml-build/lib` to the `out/build/<BUILD_TYPE>` directory.
`BUILD_TYPE` will be something like `x64-Debug` or `x86-Debug` or `x64-Release` (for Release mode).
Optionally, you can just add the directory containing the DLLs to your PATH environment variable.

# Building Documentation
We use [Doxygen](https://www.doxygen.nl/index.html) for our documentation. To use it, `cd` into
the docs directory, run `doxygen Doxyfile`, and in the `docs/html` directory there should be an `index.html`
file you can open in your preferred web browser.

Commit message:

Tidied up Docker Building steps and instructions

BUILDING.md, after:

# Building

## Linux Terminal

```bash
mkdir build
cmake -S . -B build
cmake --build build
```

You can then execute the binary with `./build/EverythingNMN`.

If you need Language Server Protocol support for autocomplete (It needs to have support for `compile_commands.json`),
you can use the following.

```
cmake -S . -B build -DCMAKE_EXPORT_COMPILE_COMMANDS=ON
ln -s /path/to/myproject/build/compile_commands.json /path/to/myproject/
```

Using the `-DCMAKE_EXPORT_COMPILE_COMMANDS` creates a `compile_commands.json` file. The second command creates a symlink
to the root of the project, as your IDE or setup probably requires it to be in the root. Otherwise, you can setup your
IDE/setup to use the file from the build directory.

## Windows (Visual Studio)

You can select `File -> Open -> Local Folder` and open the folder containing `CMakeLists.txt` (the root of this repository).
You can see [Microsoft's docomentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/cpp/build/cmake-projects-in-visual-studio) 
on the matter for more details on using Visual Studio with CMake.

Click the fourth button from the left on the properties panel (Switch between solutions and available views),
select the "CMake Targets View" and hit Enter.Wait for a while, and after it parses it, you will have the project.
After it parses, it will bring you back to Project View and you can see the "EveryhingNMM" project and you can 
right click the executable and hit Build/Debug. 

You will need to copy the DLLs from the `out/build/<BUILD_TYPE>/_deps/sfml-build/lib` to the `out/build/<BUILD_TYPE>` directory.
`BUILD_TYPE` will be something like `x64-Debug` or `x86-Debug` or `x64-Release` (for Release mode).
Optionally, you can just add the directory containing the DLLs to your PATH environment variable.

# Docker (Windows)
An easy way to build on Windows just using Docker. Note that this method is slower (since it creates an entire Linux VM and compiles
in the VM instead of the host!), so it should only be used as a last resort, and ideally just for creating the executable; not for
rapid development.

To build on Windows with docker, first ensure you have Docker installed. Then, run the following commands in the root
directory of this project.
```
mkdir build
docker build --network=host -t nmm .
docker run --network=host -v ./build:/game/build nmm
```

The `docker build <snip>` instruction creates the Docker container. The `docker run <snip>` compiles and creates the resulting exe file.
The resulting executable should be able to be found in `build/clean_build/EverythingNMM.exe`. Launch it to start the game.

Note that the `docker build` command is needed to be ran again if you make changes to the code and wish to see it reflected.
The first time running the commands will take a while, but after that, running the commands should be faster as most things
like the Linux VM and installed packages and libraries would be cached. 

# Building Documentation
We use [Doxygen](https://www.doxygen.nl/index.html) for our documentation. To use it, `cd` into
the docs directory, run `doxygen Doxyfile`, and in the `docs/html` directory there should be an `index.html`
file you can open in your preferred web browser.
